INITIAL.md, before:

## FEATURE:

- [ ] After record is complete with a roll#, cutomer name, and a bin#, a new button appears called "Send Record". The record does not need to include a release number.
- [ ] Send Record uploads the record to an sql database.
- [ ] After record is confirmed to be sent, clear the data and get ready for another capture.
- [ ] Confirmation snackbar when record is accepted by the database

## EXAMPLES:
insert.php - this is the actual php we will be using
https://github.com/android/nowinandroid?tab=readme-ov-file - a simple android app EXAMPLE.
https://github.com/ryccoatika/Image-To-Text - an image-to-text app example
https://github.com/krishnachaitanya0107/TextRecognizerApp/blob/master/app/src/main/java/com/example/textrecognizer/MainActivity.kt - the mainactivity.kt example from another image-to-text app

## DOCUMENTATION:

https://developer.android.com/topic/architecture -app architecture. use this as one of the main guides for best practives and inspiration.
https://github.com/android/nowinandroid/blob/main/docs/ArchitectureLearningJourney.md
https://developer.android.com/ - a very high quality resource for all things android development focused. Search the subdomains for more relevant topics to your task.

## OTHER CONSIDERATIONS:
you may modify insert.php if needed. But explain why and what was changed.
website housing the database is unitedexpresstrucking.com
If extra info is needed like keys or tokens, set up the code for them and inform the user after completion of what needs to be added. User will give the info before executing the PRP.
User will help when asked. Work with the user if something cannot be handled bu Codex alone.

Commit message:

added initial feature file for debug mode

INITIAL.md, after:

## FEATURE:

- [ ] "debug" mode enabled by a small checkbox on the apps home page
- [ ] debug mode does not allow records to be sent
- [ ] debug mode adds a small button to the bin locator screen that pops up a window with the most recent unfiltered OCR result and the bounding box sizes.
- [ ] debug mode adds a small button to the bin locator screen that hides the "TOP" and crop box indicators. Then, shows the bitmap area being captured by the last "capture" button press. pressing the button again returns to the normal view.

## EXAMPLES:

https://github.com/android/nowinandroid?tab=readme-ov-file - a simple android app EXAMPLE.
https://github.com/ryccoatika/Image-To-Text - an image-to-text app example
https://github.com/krishnachaitanya0107/TextRecognizerApp/blob/master/app/src/main/java/com/example/textrecognizer/MainActivity.kt - the mainactivity.kt example from another image-to-text app

## DOCUMENTATION:

https://developer.android.com/topic/architecture -app architecture. use this as one of the main guides for best practives and inspiration.
https://github.com/android/nowinandroid/blob/main/docs/ArchitectureLearningJourney.md
https://developer.android.com/ - a very high quality resource for all things android development focused. Search the subdomains for more relevant topics to your task.

## OTHER CONSIDERATIONS:
If extra info is needed like keys or tokens, set up the code for them and inform the user after completion of what needs to be added. User will give the info before executing the PRP.
User will help when asked. Work with the user if something cannot be handled bu Codex alone.
