README.md, before:

# Basic Android App

A minimal Android project using Kotlin and Gradle. The project builds an Empty Activity showing "Hello World" and includes example unit and instrumentation tests.

## Setup
AGENTS MUST DO ALL SETUP STEPS AT THE START OF THE CONVERSATION! DO NOT SKIP THESE STEPS OR TESTING WILL FAIL!

After cloning the repository, decode the Gradle wrapper JAR:

```bash
python scripts/decode_gradle_wrapper.py
```

This step recreates `gradle/wrapper/gradle-wrapper.jar`, which is required for running Gradle tasks.

Fetch the Git LFS files to obtain the bundled Android command line tools (`commandlinetools-linux-13114758_latest.zip`).
If the repository was cloned without a remote configured, add one before
pulling:

```bash
git remote add origin https://github.com/ZeroStudMuffin/CEA2.git
git lfs pull
```

Extract the command line tools so the `sdkmanager` tool is available before
running the installer:

```bash
unzip commandlinetools-linux-13114758_latest.zip -d android-tools
export PATH="$PWD/android-tools/cmdline-tools/bin:$PATH"
```

Next, install the Android SDK:

```bash
chmod +x scripts/install_android_sdk.sh  # ensures the script can run if cloned without executable permissions
./scripts/install_android_sdk.sh
```

The script uses the `commandlinetools-linux-13114758_latest.zip` archive from
Git LFS to install the SDK without requiring network access. If the archive is
missing it will download the tools from Google instead.

Set the `ANDROID_HOME` environment variable to the SDK path (default is `~/android-sdk`) and add `$ANDROID_HOME/platform-tools` to your `PATH`.  Gradle looks for the SDK via `local.properties`, so create this file in the project root containing:

```
sdk.dir=/path/to/android-sdk
```

Instrumentation tests require an emulator package, for example:

```bash
sdkmanager "system-images;android-34;google_apis;x86_64" "emulator"
```

## Build and Test

Run the following commands from the project root:

```bash
./gradlew lint
./gradlew testDebugUnitTest
./gradlew connectedDebugAndroidTest
```

Instrumentation tests require an Android emulator or device configured with the Android SDK.
This app relies on Material Components. A custom theme extending `Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.NoActionBar` is defined in `app/src/main/res/values/styles.xml` and referenced from the manifest.

## Requirements

- JDK 17 or newer
- Android SDK and platform tools
- Android Studio (recommended) for emulator and IDE support

## Features

- Camera-based **Bin Locator** with a bounding box overlay guiding where to place
  text for OCR.
- Captured images are cropped to this box and processed with ML Kit text
  recognition.
- Camera preview supports pinch-to-zoom with a slider and a 1x reset button for
  finer control when capturing text.

Commit message:

Add vertical zoom slider in landscape

README.md, after:

# Basic Android App

A minimal Android project using Kotlin and Gradle. The project builds an Empty Activity showing "Hello World" and includes example unit and instrumentation tests.

## Setup
AGENTS MUST DO ALL SETUP STEPS AT THE START OF THE CONVERSATION! DO NOT SKIP THESE STEPS OR TESTING WILL FAIL!

After cloning the repository, decode the Gradle wrapper JAR:

```bash
python scripts/decode_gradle_wrapper.py
```

This step recreates `gradle/wrapper/gradle-wrapper.jar`, which is required for running Gradle tasks.

Fetch the Git LFS files to obtain the bundled Android command line tools (`commandlinetools-linux-13114758_latest.zip`).
If the repository was cloned without a remote configured, add one before
pulling:

```bash
git remote add origin https://github.com/ZeroStudMuffin/CEA2.git
git lfs pull
```

Extract the command line tools so the `sdkmanager` tool is available before
running the installer:

```bash
unzip commandlinetools-linux-13114758_latest.zip -d android-tools
export PATH="$PWD/android-tools/cmdline-tools/bin:$PATH"
```

Next, install the Android SDK:

```bash
chmod +x scripts/install_android_sdk.sh  # ensures the script can run if cloned without executable permissions
./scripts/install_android_sdk.sh
```

The script uses the `commandlinetools-linux-13114758_latest.zip` archive from
Git LFS to install the SDK without requiring network access. If the archive is
missing it will download the tools from Google instead.

Set the `ANDROID_HOME` environment variable to the SDK path (default is `~/android-sdk`) and add `$ANDROID_HOME/platform-tools` to your `PATH`.  Gradle looks for the SDK via `local.properties`, so create this file in the project root containing:

```
sdk.dir=/path/to/android-sdk
```

Instrumentation tests require an emulator package, for example:

```bash
sdkmanager "system-images;android-34;google_apis;x86_64" "emulator"
```

## Build and Test

Run the following commands from the project root:

```bash
./gradlew lint
./gradlew testDebugUnitTest
./gradlew connectedDebugAndroidTest
```

Instrumentation tests require an Android emulator or device configured with the Android SDK.
This app relies on Material Components. A custom theme extending `Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.NoActionBar` is defined in `app/src/main/res/values/styles.xml` and referenced from the manifest.

## Requirements

- JDK 17 or newer
- Android SDK and platform tools
- Android Studio (recommended) for emulator and IDE support

## Features

- Camera-based **Bin Locator** with a bounding box overlay guiding where to place
  text for OCR.
- Captured images are cropped to this box and processed with ML Kit text
  recognition.
- Camera preview supports pinch-to-zoom with a slider and a 1x reset button for
  finer control when capturing text. When the device is in landscape
  orientation, the slider rotates vertically and moves to the right side of the
  screen with the reset button anchored to its bottom.
